Caged Inside the Mind User Manual

What is Caged Inside the Mind?

Caged Inside the Mind is an educational game designed by three independent developers at CoffeeSoftware Inc. (Ryan Atlas,
Samuel Huang and Daniel Morgan) from Toronto, Ontario designed to teach teens how to cope with depression. 
The game revolves around symbolic puzzles, educational tidbits, platforming and fighting off intrusive 
thoughts personified as enemies and bosses to reach the end and have the main character seek help. 
You, as the player, play as the last vestiges of the main character's hope and receive advice from the 
main character's older brother as you progress throughout the game. For more information about
our development process, check out our blog at https://sites.google.com/student.tdsb.on.ca/coffeesoftware-blog/home

How to play

Use the mouse to navigate the menus. On the main menu, you left or right click on each of the buttons
to navigate to either the instructions, main game, credits or to exit. The instructions page features
in-depth instructions on how to play the game. Inside the game, you can control the player with W, A, D and
SHIFT. As the game does platforming in a side-scrolling manner, D moves the player right across the screen,
A moves the player left and W jumps. SHIFT functions as the player's dash, which also deals damage to enemies
and bosses and allows for greater mobility. Remembering information and advice given by the brother and by
signs in-game will be important for progressing. And remember, above all, never give up hope!

Troubleshooting

The game should be completely uncrashable unless there is an issue with reading the level data files
in which case the program will throw a runtime error and you will be prompted to redownload the level
data files, which can be found in our GitHub repository at https://github.com/Dmrgn/Caged
If you are running the executable file, there should be no issues whatsoever as the level data files
should be included in the executable. If you have any issues, email any of the developers at
either ryan.atlas@student.tdsb.on.ca, daniel.morgan@student.tdsb.on.ca or samuel.huang4@student.tdsb.on.ca
